Update Cyberduck FAQ (#513)
iterate-ch/docs: cyberduck/faq.md

- Sophos Anti-Virus *On-access Scanning*
- Opening the web browser to authenticate using OAuth does not work with [Browser Chooser 2](https://browserchooser2.com/).

> ## Use cases

Reviewer: I would keep the FAQ short and move this documentation to specific pages such as 

- [ ] https://docs.cyberduck.io/cyberduck/connection/

Author: Content was moved to https://docs.cyberduck.io/cyberduck/connection/#problems-connecting

> ### Why does Cyberduck autofil the passwords?

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Why does Cyberduck autofilf the passwords?
```

Password will be autofilled as long as you choose to enable the _Use Keychain_ option in the Cyberduck preferences [Connection tab](connection.md#passwords).

> ### Why do I always get a warning sign when I try to set up a bookmark connection?

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Why do I always get a warning sign when I try to set up a connection?
```

> A warning sign next to the URL indicates that the URL may not be accessible due to a missing hostname in the _Server_ field or an invalid combination of hostname, credentials, and path.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A warning sign next to the URL indicates that the URL may not be reachable due to a missing or invalid hostname in the _Server_ field.
```
